---
title: I am back
date: 2022-05-23
author: Wolfgang Ofner
categories: [Miscellaneous ]
tags: [Azure Arc]
description: For the first time in two years, I have taken some time away from my blog.
---

For the first time in two years, I have taken some time away from my blog. This doesn't mean that I have been lazy though. First, it was nice to take a step back and take care of my (mental) health. and then I talked at a conference in Germany about KEDA. It was nice to travel and especially be at an in-person conference. It's been quite some time since the last time.

I also started to write regularly for the german Windows Developer magazine. First I wrote about KEDA and now have just finished the second article of a three-part series about Azure Arc. Besides writing these articles, I started to prepare for the Microsoft AZ-204 certification. This certification is necessary for the AZ-400 - Designing and Implementing Microsoft DevOps Solutions certification which I want to do as well soon.

The biggest accomplishment of my time away was finally finishing my [Microservice Series - From Zero to Hero](/microservice-series-from-zero-to-hero) series. I took a lot of time to check all 65 blog posts and made some quality improvements. 

I will be back on my regular schedule next week focusing on a new series about Azure Arc. Azure Arc is an amazing service that allows you to manage your infrastructure, no matter where it runs, on-premises, or at another cloud provider. It also allows you to run Azure App Services or managed SQL instances on-premises. 